[Music]
very good how are you paying
attention hearts because I bring you good,
very good news about Olga Moreno, it has
come to light in some interviews
that have been done with her,
another interview with Olga Mono was also published this week and
the truth is, well, she gives very good
news because sincerely they
ask her how she is feeling, which is the
main thing, and she seems very animated, we
can see her on social networks how she
is rebuilding her life, coming in, going
out, and it is something that I
really love, I love seeing her like this.
At first, she had a really bad time, but it wasn't
something that happened from one day to the next,
this had been going on for a long time and it was a death
foretold, as they say, the
truth is that although she of course
had a really bad time, she has already overcome it, well at
least that is something that she has said, at
least what she implies is that she has
overcome the breakup, the separation that
is coming in, going out all day with
friends, with friends,
and right now she is on vacation
with Marta López on a beautiful beach in
Formentera that has crystal clear water,
crystal clear water. There is one little thing that
has also  clarified in the last few hours and
since we are making this video we are also
going to mention that she has had
many boyfriends, there
is a lot of desire on the part of people
to see her with a boyfriend, no and she was
even linked to her own
representative Agustín, okay, which of
course has been denied and nothing
family, well this would be a brief summary
of these wonderful statements, so
nothing, we
will always be happy about everything that is good for Olga, so spectacular, leave a lot of in the comment box what you think about all this, what programs would you like to see Olga on next and nothing, see you in the next video, a big
hug
[Music]